You just turned and walked away.
You just turned and walked away like that.
I finally found you.
I won't let go ever again.
He Xiang Yong.
You have the wrong person.
No, I don't.
I can feel it.
You are He Xiang Yong.
Fine.
I'm just as pathetic as him.
Just as useless.
We can't do anything right.
We just drag others down.
- Making others clean up our messes.
- Don't say that.
- Holding everyone back.
Listen to me.
I'm telling you,
only you understand how I feel.
You gave me the best birthday gift ever.
- That sea turtle drawing...
- Shut up.
You have no right to mention that drawing.
I...
He's just like that drawing.
He's already been torn to pieces.
He's broken.
Do you understand?
I'm sorry.
I should have protected you back then.
It's my fault.
- I'm so sorry.
- Chen Hao Wei.
- I'm sorry.
Don't tell me these things now.
I'm in no mood to think about all that.
I've already faced reality.
The whole world hates me.
No one likes me.
Thank you very much.
♫ ♫
But I like you.
He Xiang Yong.
♫ ♫
Are you crazy, Chen Hao Wei?
Yes.
I am crazy.
I've gone crazy looking for you.
♫ ♫
I'm crazily in love with you.
Do you dare to go crazy with me?
♫ ♫
He Xiang Yong.
Chen Hao Wei, let me go.
Don't disappear again.
Let me go.
Chen Hao Wei.
You...
Let go of me!
Let me go.
♫ ♫
Timing and Subtitles brought to you by
7️⃣Shooting Stars Team @Viki.com
♫ ♫
- Where's He Xiang Yong?
We're here.
Drink more...
We're back. Get some rest.
I'm going home now.
No, you can't leave.
Are you a koala?
I am.
I am...
the Big Bad Wolf.
Then...
I'm Little Red Riding Hood.
No, you're not.
You're a gift that fell from a shooting star.
A gift that landed right on me.
Are you sure you won't let me go?
Don't you like me?
If you like me, why are you leaving?
It's so warm.
I'm so happy.
If only we could stay together
like this every day.
Won't you regret this?
I don't know.
I'm afraid I'll lose control.
This way, you won't lose control.
I can't take it anymore.
Can't take what?
It tickles!
Wait a minute.
What are you doing?
You've kissed me all over like this,
and you're asking what I'm doing?
No, not now.
Next time.
Li Wan Zhe.
Dudu, stop messing with me.
He really can't hold his liquor.
Get the alarm, please.
Chen Hao Wei.
How did we get back to the inn yesterday?
Oh, right.
Did I bring you back?
You brought me back?
More like I brought you back.
Whatever.
I'm so thirsty.
Rock-paper-scissors. Loser gets the water.
Rock, paper, scissors!
I've prepared fish soup and tea for you.
It's to help you sober up.
Don't leave a single drop.
You're both as bad as each other.
Mr. He.
The two of us...
We didn't cause any trouble yesterday, did we?
Why don't you take a guess?
Troublemaker No. 2.
I'll show you how I walk.
You're straying farther and farther away.
It's dangerous.
What's that?
Huh? What do you see?
Why are there two people up ahead?
- Who are they?
- Why are they collapsed here?
Hang on.
Go this way.
Don't throw up.
- What's going on?
- How did you end up vomiting like this?
My clothes!
My clothes are ruined!
You'll have to pay for the dry cleaning.
Walk slowly.
Anyway, that was what happened.
And you said you'd take care of him.
Mr. He, I'm sorry.
Next time, we won't drink so much again.
Forget it.
I suppose everyone hasn't been
in a good mood lately.
Finish your fish congee,
and get ready to work.
I'm going fishing.
Thanks, Mr. He.
Um... Last night...
Last night...
Well... You...
I...
We...
Never mind.
I mean...
We were lucky last night.
We didn't get run over by a car.
Speaking of which, my body feels like...
it's been hit by a train.
I'm sore all over.
Angela, you're totally fine.
Really?
But I just feel like...
You know?
Something feels off here.
Listen to it for me again.
I just checked. It's normal.
Look, your complexion is great,
and you're full of energy.
All right.
I guess I'm fine, too.
Lend me that for a second.
Let me see if you're okay.
What could be wrong with me?
All right, you seem fine, too.
Old He is the one with a problem.
What's wrong with Old He?
Old He...
What could be wrong with him?
Then why is he selling the inn?
I'm sorry.
I didn't take good care of this home.
Where's the tape?
Didn't I tell you to find tape?
I can't find it.
Then take those...
those maps of the inn,
and the photo frames.
Organize everything that can be recycled.
Find a place to recycle them.
Wait, no.
You haven't even signed the contract yet.
Why are you in such a hurry to pack?
It has to be done sooner or later, right?
Hurry up. Pack everything up.
Get it done.
What about the guest book?
Are you throwing that out too?
Xiang Yong bought that guest book.
I'll wait for him to return and decide.
Old He!
Come here! We have guests!
You don't have to sell the inn anymore.
Look at this.
Village Chief Wang donated 20,000 alone.
And I just ran into someone outside.
De from the grocery store.
He gave all of yesterday's earnings.
And Madam Jiao...
She doesn't know how to use an ATM,
so she rushed home
and brought out her dowry.
There's Jin Fa's, and Chun Hua's.
They all donated.
Hua, what about yours?
Mine is already in there.
This is from all of us.
Thank you.
But this isn't enough.
Take it back.
Plus this check of mine.
Five million.
That should be enough.
I can't accept this.
This is everyone's hard-earned money.
Especially you.
You worked so hard to raise Wan Zhe alone.
This is your hard-earned retirement fund.
Keep it for your retirement.
Don't give it to me.
Don't be silly.
Back then, you and your wife
helped me look after Wan Zhe every day.
Listen, take this money.
What for?
I'm not giving it to you for free.
I'm lending it to you.
Let's be clear from the start.
You have to write an IOU.
And interest will be charged accordingly.
Hey, Xiao You.
Bring me that ink pad.
- Here.
- That's right.
Old He, don't be so stubborn.
You know this inn holds
shared memories for all of us.
For Starry Islet, and for Xiang Yong.
Just accept it.
Accept it. Come on.
What's the matter now?
You'd rather sell this inn
to a complete stranger
than owe me money?
Are you looking down on me?
- Do you think I'm a joke?
- That's not what I meant.
No, it's not that.
I'd owe you such a huge favor.
I wouldn't know how to repay you.
How?
By working hard to pay me back!
If you ever refuse to pay,
I'll tear this whole place down.
Then I'll bring dogs to pee here every day.
And those flowers your wife planted...
I'll throw them all away.
- No!
- You can't do that!
I'll help pay it back.
What does this have to do with you?
I'm your son...
I'm your son's friend, and I'm your employee.
I want to do my part, too.
That's the spirit!
Wonderful.
You're lucky.
Your employee is so loyal.
All right, it's settled.
Let's go fishing.
No, you go ahead.
I already went this morning.
I'm going to throw up.
I told you not to drink so much.
Feeling nauseous now?
You drank way too much.
It's your cheesiness making me sick.
You guys put that money away.
I'm going to open the shop. Bye.
Don't just stand there.
Get out of my way.
So annoying. Seriously.
One more.
Come on.
Why are you so quiet?
You came fishing with me,
so you must have something to talk about.
Mr. Hua, why are you setting out
these paper boats?
To say hi to the little dolphin.
Dolphin?
When I was a resident doctor
on the main island,
there was a young patient.
He'd been in and out of the hospital
since he was little.
He really envied marine creatures.
They could swim and play anywhere.
He even wanted to be a little dolphin.
That way, he wouldn't have to
take medicine or get shots in the sea.
I jokingly told him, "Okay."
"Then I'll definitely take a boat to find you."
So, these paper boats
hold such memories for you.
I wasn't mature enough back then.
I wasn't strong enough to defend
what I thought was right.
That's why I caused irreparable harm.
So, I've stayed on Starry Islet until now.
What? Does that disappoint you?
I'm not like Albert Schweitzer,
with the ambition to save the world.
Instead, it's more like...
a story of a coward on the run.
Everyone has their own memories.
I have no right to judge.
But...
I think I saw my old self just now.
If I had...
a little more courage back then
to protect the most important person to me,
things probably wouldn't have
become as complicated as they are now.
What's wrong?
What kind of trouble are you in?
Anyway, the beginning
of the dream is quite blurry.
I only remember...
The last thing I remember is
that handsome guy kissing that loser.
That was when I woke up.
So, you and Chen Hao Wei kissed last night?
I never said that!
Don't even try to deny it.
I've known you for how long now?
Just tell me who made the first move.
It was me.
How did Xiao You react?
I think I might have pushed him away.
I've forgotten everything else.
I told you, I only remember the kissing part.
Could he have just gone crazy from the alcohol?
Like, trying to blackmail me or something?
No way.
Is Chen Hao Wei really the type
to be such a beast in disguise?
True.
He's not that kind of person.
He must have confessed his love while drunk.
Are you talking about me? Or Zhong Xiao You?
I admit I have feelings for Xiao You.
I think I've fallen for him.
If you like him, then confess.
What are you so worried about?
But...
I like Xiao You...
because I think he's He Xiang Yong.
The name I kept calling out last night...
was He Xiang Yong.
So, he doesn't remember kissing you at all?
Yeah.
The vibe he gave me this morning...
was that he'd forgotten everything.
But if it's really like you said,
and the one he likes is Xiao You,
how could he possibly forget?
Or did he mistake Xiao You for you?
So, he's playing dumb
because he's afraid to admit it.
What a jerk.
That's why it's even more impossible for me
to be honest with Xiao You.
Because I know very well...
that they aren't the same person.
Even though I was confused for a while,
the truth is...
the one in my heart is Xiang Yong.
I can't use Xiao You as his substitute.
Well, since that's the case...
I think you should stick to your guns.
You shouldn't start this relationship
based on a mistake.
Otherwise, in the end,
Xiao You will end up getting very hurt.
Wait, that's not right.
Whether you're Zhong Xiao You or He Xiang Yong,
you're still you.
It's like shaved ice and snow ice.
They're just different names
for the same thing.
I can't believe you came up
with such twisted logic.
But it actually makes sense.
If you put it that way,
Chen Hao Wei has always been
consistently devoted to you.
That's so romantic.
Are you going to accept him?
Accept what?
And as who?
As me?
Or as Zhong Xiao You?
Besides, I have nothing left to tear apart.
Bro, say something I can understand for once.
But look.
My wish came true so easily.
Don't you think it feels a bit surreal?
It's like...
if you found a million dollars
on the street today,
and brought it home,
would you really be happy?
Li Wan Zhe!
Hama-chan! Don't you have to
go out to sea today?
I quit.
Huh?
I'm going to work here from now on.
I'll be in your care.
Tell me.
Why did you quit?
Did something happen?
Or did Zhong bully you?
Your face looks so funny.
You look just like Zhong.
Hamaguchi Aomi!
I'm being serious right now.
Don't worry.
Nothing happened.
And no one bullied me.
I quit...
because of you.
Me?
Yeah.
You told me last night
that you wanted to hang out
with me every day.
So, I quit my job to be with you every day.
When did I say that?
Have you forgotten?
Let me help you remember.
You hugged me like this and said...
"I'm so happy."
"It's so warm."
"If only we could be like this
and hang out every day."
What do you think?
Does it feel familiar?
People talk nonsense when they're drunk.
How could you take it seriously?
I told you.
As long as it's about you, I'll give it my all.
But...
you used to say
that being a sailor was your dream.
You said you wanted to travel the world.
From now on,
you are my dream.
You are my whole world.
Boss, I'm going to work now.
What do you want to write? I'll do it.
Okay, just write the words.
Don't draw anything.
I'm saving the drawing
for when Xiang Yong comes back.
He caused such a mess
and then suddenly disappeared.
Aren't you mad at him?
You're still doing so much for him.
I am mad.
I'm mad that I didn't teach him
how to box when he was little.
Now when he's mistreated,
he just takes it and won't fight back.
But are you worried about him?
Aren't you afraid he won't come back?
Of course I'm worried.
But he has his own thoughts.
Anyway, his home and dad are here.
He can come back whenever he wants.
If he knew that you almost sold the inn
because of him,
he'd drink with me for three days straight.
- He'd cry and say he was immature.
- That's really heavy.
So heavy...
That rascal doesn't even know how to drink.
Didn't you know?
His cure for a hangover is hiking.
Because from the summit,
he can see the ocean...
and Starry Islet.
When did that rascal start drinking?
After he started working.
That rascal...
He knows how to drink with others,
but he won't have a drink with me at home.
He just doesn't want you
to see his vulnerable side.
When he's drunk,
he's talkative, childish, and a crybaby.
You'd probably find it annoying.
That's nothing.
He inherited that from me.
Anyway, in his heart,
I'm just a bad-tempered dad...
who isn't worth sharing his feelings with.
Of course not.
He actually knows
that you only want what's best for him.
It's just that...
he doesn't know how to express it.
Then I was right to keep that blackboard.
Xiang Yong has always been sensitive.
His drawings...
are probably what he wants to say.
By the way, tell him this for me.
His dad only hates one kind of drinker.
The kind that gets rowdy when they're drunk.
Isn't that exactly like you?
Damn it.
When he comes back,
why don't you ask him for a drink yourself?
I'm the chef today.
I'll make some snacks to go with the drinks.
And your favorite garlic shrimp rice noodles.
You know how to make that?
I do.
That's Xiang Yong's mom's secret recipe.
You can make it?
He taught me.
You won't be able to pull it off.
But you're in luck.
I can. I'll cook it for you.
I can do it, don't worry.
I'm very confident, okay?
Young man...
I'm starting to wonder...
What exactly is your relationship with my son?
We're just good friends.
The kind who tell each other everything.
No, wait.
He even taught you this?
You know how to make it too?
Are you sure you know how to cook it?
It'll be fine.
Is the oil hot enough?
Wait a bit longer.
- Wait a bit longer?
- It's about ready.
The shrimp and...
The glass noodles.
The oil can't be too hot.
The garlic will burn instantly, you know?
I know. Let it sauté for a bit.
It doesn't need to sauté for long.
Hurry up and add the chili!
- Hurry up!
- It's fine.
This is how I always did it, okay?
This isn't right.
Don't worry, it'll work.
I can't watch this. Here, let me through.
Please. Go stand over there.
I said I'm cooking today.
Go help me taste the sauce, okay?
Please. Thank you.
It's not bad.
You need to put that in quickly.
Otherwise...
Add water.
[I hope you're doing well.
This place is truly wonderful. From Hao Wei]
Chen Hao Wei.
It's almost ready. We can get ready to eat.
What are you doing?
If you ever see He Xiang Yong,
please give this to him for me.
I'll go help out first.
[Epilogue]
Chen Hao Wei.
What are you doing?
Waiting for someone.
Waiting for me?
Just kidding.
I saw you looking at a drawing just now.
Yeah.
Can I see it?
- I'm taking it.
- Okay.
It's a sea turtle.
Yeah, I really like sea turtles.
Did He Xiang Yong draw this?
Yeah. Why?
Don't you think these childish brushstrokes
are really ugly?
What is this even supposed to be?
No wonder you were laughing.
Is this what you were laughing at?
I guess so. I think it's pretty laughable.
Yeah, I think so, too.
You know, He Xiang Yong
is a very, very strange person.
No one in our class likes him.
But I think you're very kind.
I mean, you still spend time being his friend,
helping him with his homework and all.
Well, I'm just helping a classmate.
So, you also think he needs help?
Then we're quite alike.
We both help people
who look like they need help.
Then can you do me a favor?
What is it?
I want to borrow this.
Lend it to me. I'll return it next week.
Aren't you in the art class?
You should be able to draw one yourself.
Class is starting. I'm heading off.
Chen Hao Wei said he's very tired.
You know Hao Wei.
He's the most popular guy in school.
He's very well-liked.
Everyone loves him.
So, with all the activities
and all the clubs...
What are you trying to say?
I'm trying to say...
Hao Wei's grades have dropped.
And he keeps dozing off in class.
You think it's my fault?
I didn't say that.
Why do you think so poorly of me?
I'm just speaking from the perspective
of being Hao Wei's good friend.
I want to offer a suggestion
that will help both you and Hao Wei.
Have you considered going to cram school?
No need.
I won't trouble Hao Wei anymore.
Don't be like that.
What I mean is,
I've also been inspired by Hao Wei,
so I want to join him
in helping students who are falling behind.
Wouldn't it be great if we all worked hard
and improved together?
No, thanks.
I'm tired.
I don't want to try anymore.
He Xiang Yong.
If there's anything
you need help with in the future,
you can always tell me.
I mean it.
Just let me know.
If you want to see him off,
it's not too late to go to the pier now.
He Xiang Yong is the one I can't let go of.
The one I've always loved is He Xiang Yong.
You don't need to become him for me.
Li Wan Zhe.
Are you hungry?
You've worked hard all day.
I'll make you a late-night snack.